Add null as possible return value in Drag&Drop DataTransferItem.webkitGetAsEntry (#13182)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/datatransferitem/webkitgetasentry/index.md

A {{domxref("FileSystemEntry")}}-based object describing the dropped item. This will be
either {{domxref("FileSystemFileEntry")}} or {{domxref("FileSystemDirectoryEntry")}}.

> If the item isn't a file, `null` is returned.

Reviewer: The file also has to be readable.
```suggestion
The method aborts and returns `null` if the dropped item isn't a file, or if the {{domxref("DataTransferItem")}} object is not in read or read/write mode.
```
